{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2868
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww29840\viewh18980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Instructions:\
\
A small company hires you to create a database for them. They have just started their business and so far they store their data in delimited files, which they give you full access to. They do expect to grow fairly fast and they require an oracle database.\
\
\
1. a brief description of the company purpose, expected size, products, goals\
\
Temple College Prep School.\
A local highschool that is associated with Temple University. The school has a pipeline where students that complete grades 9-12 at the prep school automatically gain admission to Temple University. The highschool is highly selective as the school is the same rigor as the university. The school has a total student body of around 200 students per grade level with total of around 50 teachers and a total of 75 faculty members. While a school does not typically offer products, in this context it is interperted as services offered to the students such as rigourous coursework and resources avaible in classrooms such as each student being provided a school issued laptop. Like previously mentioned the schools goal is to prepare highschool age students for the academic rigor of the university coursework. They plan to acomplish this via small class sizes, maintaining good test scores, and counseling services.\
\
2. a short list of business rules \
* Each student and faculty member must have a unique ID.\
* Students can enroll in multiple classes, but each class has a maximum capacity.\
* Classes must be assigned to one classroom and one faculty member.\
* No two classes can occur in the same classroom at the same time.\
* Each classroom belongs to exactly one building.\
* Faculty members can teach multiple classes but a class has only one instructor.\
* Students are assigned an academic advisor (faculty member).\
* Attendance must be recorded for each student per class session.\
* Grades must be recorded per student, per class, per term.\
\
3. the list of every day business aspects that your database needs to handle (examples: employee scheduling, orders, supplies, medical procedures, appointments, payments, shipments etc).\
* Student enrollment and registration\
* Class scheduling and assignments\
* Student attendance tracking\
* Grade recording and reporting\
* Teacher and faculty management\
* Student academic progress tracking (grade level)\
* Basic student information management (contact details, student ID, assigned advisor)\
\
\
 }